Charly, what I'm going to do now
it is from the photo that we
we have made your model of
business, which I believe we have
all very clear, we are going to make a
analysis with the idea of trying to
to draw a conclusion that will help you
to allow the model to evolve,
but first what I want to do to you
is a simple question and it is, you
you have built a business around
your passion, you are very young and you have
a company from which you can
live, but what are your goals?
what do you want?
Let's see, my objectives, as I believe
any company, especially a startup or
start-up company is
success, is to make your
company to evolve, to grow.
Okay, grow up, sounds good to me.
Well, I'm going to start with my
analysis and the first thing I'm going to
is the first thing I'm going to tell you
transmitting is that what you
it happens, that you have not made him see
before, that you are not working on
social networks, don't be
working on the uptake of
customers, well, that sort of thing
is because you are in the operation
day-to-day business and the operation of the
day to day makes you, the urgent makes you, the urgent makes you, the urgent makes you
makes, let's say, to be forgetting
importantly, there is a matrix that
is urgent and important, well,
well, I believe that happens and as
it is sometimes said, as it is bad for
many a fool's comfort, well,
but I think that what you have to
is to rethink things,
to try to gain a little bit of
height and define objectives
strategic beyond what is
you have to do today, and it's a little
what we are going to do, what we
you have to do today that
will probably be to edit the videos
of a customer or something like that, but that
every so often you have to stop, I
I have experienced it because I am a consultant
years, it is necessary to
stop and rethink where we are headed.
you want to go and what you have
to do, we start with the
analysis of the business model, the
first, I will analyze the offer
of products and services and what
I tell you is that your offer, your
proposal is exactly the same
than the rest of the companies, no
nothing happens, what happens is that
when you offer the same as the
other, a true commodity, you will
you play in this type of business,
you play to grow or not to grow in
your networking, your
contacts, that's the point and that's why
we have put it in the
distribution, you play it there, yes
you have more contacts with people,
with companies that, well, you
will go better, but that's the key
of success now, if you offer the
same as the others will be that, I think
which is a weakness of the model and
then there is another very
important and it's something I'm going to
and I'm sure there's a lot to explain and I'm sure there's a lot
people who identify with and identify with
is that what he was telling me is that
the key resources are the material
and people, the material nothing
same because it costs about
how many thousands of euros but already
is, the key resource in your
business is something physical that is
you can buy and that's it, the
key resource in your business you are
you, are the people, you and your
and that is a great scourge in the
a business model, why?
because that makes your company
will never be worth money, because if
you could not sell your company
never, because if you sell your company
and it comes out, your company doesn't have a
strong customer portfolio and if
it would not matter because the
would lose, because the people what they
trust is in you, not in overs,
then this is what is called
self-employment and it happens to firms
of lawyers, it happens to small and
consulting firms, it happens to
physiotherapies, it happens to everyone.
world that sells its service
and you'll tell me well, you'll tell me
that this is how this business works,
Well, what I'm telling you is
that works like this but it is a
weakness of the model, because it is
very sacrificial, because you're going to
to have to be permanently
your whole life attracting customers
like us and if one day you want to
leave it or sell it or whatever it is not
will be worth nothing, you will have won
money everything, yes of course, but of course in the face
to success, both for the company and for its
what you can in the future, is
truth that I may not be able to
sell it or then I can't get
performance of it, but it is
truth that also contributes to me
not only financially but also
we also give I know that it is what
you like to do, what I'm saying is that
is so, that is, you could also
do something other than self-employment
or at least seek it, pursue
that, when the key resources of
a company, this already as a
when resources are scarce, and when the
the key to a company's success, the main
are the people, not only the
but the partners, there is a
a huge problem because the
company is worth a lot less money.
Based on these conclusions, the
we are going to do is try to
identify any ideas for
evolve your business model,
perhaps make a company more
scalable, larger, more
value, I know that you have a
idea that you are not going to tell us
today, perhaps not throughout The
Power, because he doesn't want to tell
because he is afraid that he will be
copy, along The Power
MVA I hope that someday we will
but what I'm going to do
is me simply giving some idea
I hope that someday it will be brought to
and is successful.
Indeed, I am convinced that
yes you have all our help here,
what I'm going to do is simply
to some idea that you don't have.
I have given it a lot of thought, but in order to
to serve as an example of how to think.
First, I propose an innovation
that part of the segments of
customers, i.e. looking for new customers
customer segments and tell you what
next Charlie, I think in the
world of institutions
There is an enormous
opportunity, why?
because content is growing
self-visual within the schools
business, we are
living, I think it could be
simply put, it does not make
If we don't value it today, it could
be a business opportunity in the
the fact that you addressed
business schools and
digitize your entire program,
that you were for a year with
equipment in the classrooms and
within a year they would have a
program that they could sell from
digital form, I think it can be,
then you would have the following advantages
recurring revenues during
one year with an institution, which
could be an annual fi, even
you could help them more, you could
diversify and even help them to
not only in the recording of the
content but then in the
platform, you could set up a
strategic alliance with a partner
technology and ultimately get paid,
well, just imagine, for creating a
YouTube channel or by creating
all the content, it is something
similar to what you are doing
with us but I tell you a lot
let's say of greater integration, you know?
If, in addition to saying this, I am
happens because three or four years ago
days I saw on YouTube Hans Zimmer, is
a soundtrack composer
spectacular and is a channel of
YouTube, I don't know if it's a channel or a
brand or a company that what it
is doing is interviewing
successful people in the world
cinematographic, such as
Hans Zimmer on the
music production and does a little
what we do or you do at The
Power NBA, is to catch people who
have been successful in these areas and
interview them and give you their
tricks, they give you that's The Power
NBA, what I am telling you is not that,
is not that you enter into creation
of the content but that you edit
the content, i.e. the content
belonging to a school of
business, to an institution
educational, what I propose is
that you help them to digitize
these classes that they are giving to
into videos that can be converted into
sell it in some form or form, or
to give it as a reinforcement to their
I am not telling you that
to set up a company for the creation of
content, the content is
others, what you do is the
audiovisual, it's just an idea
Charlie, I'm going to propose another one
possible evolution and I do it to
from a conclusion that we have
obtained before that is that it is not
we want it to be absolutely
necessary personal resources
you in this case to provide the
service, to attract customers and
such, then I am inspired by Hoffman,
the Hoffman album, inspires me in
companies that have succeeded in
that it is the customer who does the
part of the supply chain process
value, usually or that it is the
technology what it does, in the
Hoffman's case is technology,
more than the customer does, the
customer logs in, uploads the photos and
Hoffman's platform will
returns an album traditionally
had to do it by hand crank the
uncle, the owner of the
photos, well, but let's go with
automate part of the process of
production or outsourcing,
effectively, or that the
customer or to be done by the
technology, that is more scalable
that you have to do it yourself because
you can't do any more, we have a
on-screen photo and
representative of what is happening
today and it is that everyone in the
concerts etc. is
permanently taking pictures and
videos and so on and you have
clients who organize events and
you can easily have customers
who organize concerts, because you
you could create them, you could
offer them the creation of videos
spectacular from the
photos shared by attendees
to the event or videos, for you
would be very simple and it would be very
spectacular and you are also
innovating in everything because you are
innovating in the proposal of
value, you are innovating in the
costs, you could do it a lot
cheaper than if you have to
displace your people, you know, you're
by transferring the part of the
recording, that part that we have
said that of the activities
keys have recording edition,
you transfer that part to
customers who number in the thousands
versions that exist in a
concert, it seems to me that it is Yes,
is quite well focused because
I would take and use that material that
generated by the attendees themselves who
do not generate any costs for me as
such and that is a material that
would even be ceded and for my part
as much work would be done by the
editing or editing part for
give it that professional touch,
but it is true that it is well
raised because you would use content
that I do not find it difficult to generate.
Indeed, that was the idea, I
wanted to reduce key resources
and wanted to reduce the activities
and key resources, I reduce the
person hours and activities
key I reduce the recording.
Well, Charly, I just want to tell you
that if this is forward, I want to
part of the equity of the new
project and if you become my enaria too.
And me from Power MBA.
Ah, yes.
Well, we just have to talk.
Well, thank you very much,
I hope it has been enriching,
not only for you, but for the entire
other Power MBA students and me
would like you to keep us more or less in touch with you.
less informed about how the
progress, okay?
Of course, Borja, thank you very much.
To you, of course, a hug.
See you later.